OCPBUGS-36305: Add reboot docs and clean HNS networks before rebooting in AWS (#2282)
openshift/windows-machine-config-operator: docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

  ```
* You can now RDP into the Windows node at *localhost:2020* using an RDP client

> ## Rebooting a Windows node

Reviewer: If we add reboot instructions, we should provide a disclaimer emphasizing responsible use and include context for specific scenarios where this option may be necessary.

Author: Agree, and tried to cover it with:

`"Certain operations and updates at the system level still require a traditional reboot process to ensure changes are applied correctly and securely" `

Covering all the possible specific scenarios may be hard, given that it is sort of open-ended topic based on the user setup.

> In general, the operator minimize disruptions and avoid node reboots whenever possible. Certain operations and 

Reviewer 2: `minimizes` and `avoids`

updates at the system level still require a traditional reboot process to ensure changes are applied correctly
and securely.

> To restart a Windows node configured with WMCO, add the special reboot annotation and wait for the operator to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operator typically manages these cases automatically through a special node annotation. If you feel the need to manually reboot an instance configured by WMCO, manually add the reboot annotation and wait for the operator to...
```
